[MLIR] Making MIOpen build and test MLIR by default (#1228)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MIOpen: CMakeLists.txt

endif()
set(MIOPEN_BINCACHE_PATH "" CACHE STRING "URL or path containing binary cache files to embed")
option(MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD "Build with the set of embed flags." Off)

> option(MIOPEN_USE_MLIR "Use MLIR compilation backend" NOT ${MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD})

Reviewer: Does CMake support usage of expressions for initialization of options?

Author: Honestly speaking I don't know. I was assuming that since the line below works, that this line should also work. But agree on a second look this isn't supported, as from [here](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/option.html).

Instead, which do you think is better:
 - Make MIOPEN_USE_MLIR default to be ON
 - Initialize MIOPEN_USE_MLIR not here, but in between line 140 - 148 and turn it on conditionally based on whether it is embed build

Reviewer: Please look how I compute and use the default for MIOPEN_USE_COMGR: https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MIOpen/pull/1253/files#r745142441

Author: That's indeed a better way to handle it, thanks for informing!

set_var_to_condition(MIOPEN_USE_COMGR_DEFAULT MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD)
option(MIOPEN_USE_COMGR "Use comgr to build kernels instead of offline tools" ${MIOPEN_USE_COMGR_DEFAULT})

> set_var_to_condition(MIOPEN_USE_MLIR_DEFAULT (NOT ${MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD}))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set_var_to_condition(MIOPEN_USE_MLIR_DEFAULT NOT  (NOT ${BUILD_SHARED_LIBS} AND ${MIOPEN_USE_COMGR}))
```

Author: Done in 6cad119

option(MIOPEN_USE_MLIR "Use MLIR compilation backend" ${MIOPEN_USE_MLIR_DEFAULT})

if(MIOPEN_USE_MLIR)
    # REQUIRED is not supported before cmake 3.18
    find_library(LIBMLIRMIOPEN MLIRMIOpen REQUIRED)

>     if(MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD)

Reviewer: Please revert this. Some of MIOpen users set BUILD_SHARED_LIBS=off and MIOPEN_USE_COMGR=on without explicit use of MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD.

Author: I will revert this but just want to give you a heads up that it will block more scenarios than we actually should. When MIOpen is built as a static library but use COMGR as a dynamic library, things still work for MLIR backend. I believe `Smoke Aux 1::Fp32 Hip Static` stage is tracking this scenario.

Strictly speaking MLIR/COMGR combination will be an issue when and only when MIOpen is built as a static library to include all its dependencies in one binary. It looks to me that the client really should be use a specific cmake configuration (like `MIOPEN_EMBED_BUILD`) for this scenario.

So one day when MIOpen turn on COMGR by default, that Fp32 Hip Static stage will populate an error because it hit on this condition (whereas it can actually run through)

Author: Done in 6cad119

Reviewer: Let's ask @JehandadKhan -- I am not sure which build configurations we are supporting right now etc.

Reviewer 2: I agree with the current implementation, where we only block MLIR enablement when MIOpen is built fully statically. Embeded builds are ok if they link against MIOpen dynamically and therefore dynamically link against MLIR as well.

    # REQUIRED is not supported before cmake 3.18
    find_library(LIBMLIRMIOPEN MLIRMIOpen REQUIRED)
    if(NOT BUILD_SHARED_LIBS AND MIOPEN_USE_COMGR)

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "Potential symbol conflict between mlir and comgr in static build, please configure with -DMIOPEN_USE_MLIR=Off")

Reviewer: I would revert this. In some cases the correct recommendation might be switching off COMGR (not MLIR).

Author: Sounds good
